Implement fetch requests (#1216)
kyma-incubator/compass: docs/director/fetch-requests.md

# Fetch Requests

> API Packages support providing documentation for API Definitions. You can provide the documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packages API support providing documentation for API Definitions. You can provide the specification
```

Reviewer: we are talking about spec

during the call to the Director or use a Fetch Request. Fetch Request is a type in the Director API that contains all the information needed to 
fetch specification from the given URL. It can be provided during the `addPackage`, `addAPIDefinitionToPackage` and `updateAPIDefinition` mutations.
If a Fetch Request is specified, the Director makes a synchronous call to the specified URL and downloads the specification.

You can find information on whether the call is successful in the `Status` field. It contains the condition of the 

> Fetch Request, timestamp, and a message stating if something went wrong while fetching the spec. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fetch Request, a timestamp, and a message that states whether something went wrong when fetching the specification. 
```

> If there's an error while fetching eg. wrong URL, the mutation will continue, but an appropriate Fetch Request status will 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If there is an error while fetching the specification, the mutation is continued, but an appropriate Fetch Request status is set. 
```

Reviewer 2: `appropriate Fetch Request status is set` - what does it mean?

> be set. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> # Fetch Requests

Reviewer: We only support API Definitions for now, right? It should be also stated here.

And also we need to mention that currently the calls are synchronous, and in future we want to make them asynchronous.

> # Fetch Requests

Reviewer: Please also include this document in the general doc with listing all documents.

> Packages API supports providing documentation for API Definitions, Event Definitions. User can provide the documentation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
API Packages support providing documentation for API and Event Definitions. You can provide the documentation
```

> during the call to Director or use a Fetch Request. If a Fetch Request is specified Director will call the specified URL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
during the call to the Director or use a Fetch Request. If a Fetch Request is specified, the Director calls the specified URL
```

> and download the specification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and downloads the specification.
```

Reviewer 2: I still don't know what Fetch Request is. Is it a component? A feature? How do I use the Fetch Request?

> User can specify these three fields. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can specify the following fields:
```

Reviewer 2: What do I need these for?

> | Name   	| Meaning                                                             	|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Name   	| Description                                                             	|
```

|--------	|---------------------------------------------------------------------	|
| Auth   	| Credentials needed to access the url                                	|
| Mode   	| Information if the specifications consists of one or multiple files 	|
| Filter 	| Expresion that specifies which files should be fetched              	|

>     >**NOTE:** Currently all of these fields are not supported

Reviewer 2: So why do we even document them?

>     >**NOTE:** Currently all of these fields are not supported

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    >**NOTE:** Currently all of these fields are not supported.
```

> Information if the call has been successful, can be found in the `Status` field. It contains the condition of the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find information on whether the call is successful in the `Status` field. It contains the condition of the 
```

Fetch Request, timestamp, and a message stating if something went wrong.

> In case the specification has to be fetched again, user can use one of the `refetchSpec` mutations to update the specification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case the specification must be fetched again, you can use one of the `refetchSpec` mutations to update the specification.
```
